Crowd Video
-----------

   The idea for this application comes from the DVD Radiohead Live at Prague, 
which was recorded at 2009 by asking the fans to take any type of camera to
the show - either professional or a cell phone - and they would provide the
audio masters. 

   The event was later edited by the fans and a video under a Creative Commons
license (CC BY-NC-ND 3.0) in several formats; creating out of thin air and the
small collaborations between fans and artists to make a masterpiece that anyone
can download and enjoy for free.

   This would seem like a tool that can provide bands all over the world with
the possibility to record a live show without having to invest significant
resources in the professional equipment and crew required for such a task.

   And aldo recording the event was something fun for the fans, the editing
and production of the video was surely a painstaking task, as there are lots
of steps that require lots of attention, knowhow and an eye for detail.

   Crowd video will try to be a web collaboration tool where:

Bands:
 - Can invite their fans to record them at a certain show or event
 - Upload their master audio

Fans:
 - Upload their video of the event
 - Vote on which user's video is better for a certain ammount of time, thus
   becomming a video editor just by voting
 - Create different releases of the video, for example: professional cameras
   only, band-only scenes, or just a fork on another release
 - Upload video commentaries, interviews of other fans or the band. This
   small clips can be used as intermittion between songs or segments of the
   show
 - Upload photos of the event, that can be added to the parts of the audio
   for which there are no video. Users' votes will also determine the photos
   that will make it to a certain release or part of the video


How to use it:
--------------

   The first thing would be for bands to register on the web site and to create
and event with a twitter hash, and a creative commons license. The license will
specify conditions for the end product as well as their parts, such as if the
production can be used under commercial terms or if users can create derivates
using your show as an ingredient.

   Fans are invited to participate via social networks, where bands are 
encouraged to create a small video with a description of the event, a bit of
the songs that will be played, and a couple of words summary of what crowd
video is.

   Once the event is done, the project page will change so that bands can 
upload the master audio, and users can upload their videos and photos.

   After a certain percent of the video has couple of video takes where to
choose from, the project page will change once again so that users can vote
on clips that they like for the main video release of the event.

   On the last stage the page will morph once again to show a download link
for the video, once a certain quota of votes (edits) has been met.

   By the way, if you add any piece of content to the project, you will be
accounted as a project colaborator, which means that not only that our name
will appear on the credits of the release, but also that any decisions
regarding the release in which you are participating will be passed by you, so
your voice will always count.

References
----------
http://radiohead-prague.nataly.fr/Main.html

